No, it's all in front of you.
What are you arguing about?
He is also funny
You said you had a kebab.
You said you have to be a god?
Come on, do you think he is qualified to become a god?
No he is not qualified
He's a kebab guy.
How could it be Lord God?
Yo, why are you so embarrassed?
His uncle and his aunt
Has been able to prove his identity
What other dialectics do you have?
Xu Shaode
You insist on making trouble at the sealing ceremony
Hmph, how can I say it's a riot?
Am I not sharing the country's worries?
How does Lord God deal with Xu Shaode?
You let a fake come and deal with my school?
Hey, Lord God, please give an order
Hands on yes
Who dares to fly?
You have been associated with this kid many times
Deceive the lord
The main reason for the country is that it will definitely destroy you nine clans
Illegal adult
I don't know where Quanzi offended the adults
Let adults fight so hard